Nicolas.jung/add ai grok parser (#38349)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/logs/log_configuration/processors/grok_parser.md

Create custom grok rules to parse the full message or a specific attribute of your raw event. As a best practice, limit your grok parser to 10 parsing rules. For more information on Grok syntax and parsing rules, see [Parsing][1].

> {{< img src="/logs/processing/processors/ai-grok-rules.png" alt="Grok parser syntax suggestions in the UI" style="width:90%;" >}}

Reviewer: Is the alt text the same for the new image?

Author: Good catch

Define the Grok processor on the [{{< ui >}}Pipelines{{< /ui >}} page][2]. To configure Grok parsing rules:

1. Click {{< ui >}}Add Grok Parser{{< /ui >}} to open a new parser configuration.
1. {{< ui >}}Log Samples{{< /ui >}}: Log samples are automatically pulled into the Log Samples section. You can also add more log samples (up to 10 total, 5000 characters each).
   **Note**: The sample logs are pulled from the five highest-volume log patterns matching your pipeline filter.

> 1. {{< ui >}}Log Samples{{< /ui >}}: Add up to five sample logs (up to 5000 characters each) to test your parsing rules.

Reviewer: Did you mean to replace this information with ln 32?

Author: Not sure I understand! Do you mean replacing the note?
I wanted to remove full step 1 (w/ note) by 2 steps + note

1. {{< ui >}}Define parsing rules{{< /ui >}}: Click {{< ui >}}Auto parsing{{< /ui >}} to generate rules that match your samples.
   {{< site-region region="gov,gov2" >}}
   <div class="alert alert-info">Auto parsing is not available for your selected <a href="/getting_started/site">Datadog site</a> ({{< region-param key="dd_site_name" >}}).</div>
   {{< /site-region >}}

> 1. {{< ui >}}Test your rules{{< /ui >}}: Select a sample by clicking on it to trigger its evaluation against the parsing rule and display the result on the right of the screen. All samples show a status (`match` or `no match`), which highlights if one of the parsing rules of the grok parser matches the sample.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. {{< ui >}}Test your rules{{< /ui >}}: Click a sample to trigger its evaluation against the parsing rule and display the result on the right of the screen. All samples show a status (`match` or `no match`), which highlights if one of the parsing rules of the grok parser matches the sample.
```
